docs/weekly logs/individual-log-justin.md, before:

# Week 9 (Oct 30 - Nov 5)
This week I did some last minute feature completions for the mini presentation. This included log in form client side form validation + testing, as well as creating the sign up page with client side form validation + testing. I also used Depar's routing branch to set up routing between our pages for the presentation. For the presentation, I talked about our stack choices. 

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/cbdaf37f-7669-4707-8ac7-a4f40ebc4691)


# Week 8 (Oct 23 - Oct 29)
This week I completed my task of form validation and testing for our login page. I implemented the testing using Jest for our React front-end, and used useState to complete the form validation. I also helped my teammates with the CSS/styling of our Login page. 

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/469673bd-fbb3-4699-8028-c741575e3e5c)


# Weeks 6 & 7 (Oct 9 - Oct 15, Oct 16 - Oct 22)
We continued working on creating our webapp template on Canva this week, we ended up finishing our designs on Thursday. We then started to think about and distribute the tasks for this week, so for next week my goals are to set up the docker environment, and work on the log out page. 

This week I worked with Arya on setting up the docker environment for our frontend, and working on the log out page html. We are meeting once again on Monday to finish up these tasks. 

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/dc74192c-2336-4421-8679-8eeeaaa9f89f)


# Week 5 (Oct 2 - Oct 8)
Our main goal this week was to establish a more concrete idea of how our app will work and get some initial designs of our UI done based on that functionality. We met on Thursday and started making putting together some designs using Canva. The main issue we ran into when designing our UI was how we would lay out the AI generation page in a way that wasn't too overwhelming for the user, while also still giving them enough options to specify. 

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/3a568fd2-bc1e-49c1-b463-c0ebd9cab1ec)


# Week 4 (Sep 25 - Oct 1)
We spent this week writing our project plan, this involved a lot of discussion amongst the team about our vision for the final product. I was in charge of writing the section detailing the stack we are planning to use, and had to write our justifications behind choosing each technology. The last big thing that we had to do for the plan was to plan out the tasks for our major milestones. This required lots of thought on features that we wanted to implement down the line.  

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/e9b6d98b-35b4-4ab6-91e7-d72b8d9348c0)

Commit message:

Update individual-log-justin.md to include week 10

docs/weekly logs/individual-log-justin.md, after:

# Week 10 (Nov 6 - Nov 12)
This week we decided which tasks we were going to work on. I mainly worked on the OpenAI API integration this week, although have yet to push any commits. Setting up our Django backend, and getting a base level API integration are my tasks for the reading week. 

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/b7f3f320-b9bd-4ec6-b831-3bb8bafd44a9)


# Week 9 (Oct 30 - Nov 5)
This week I did some last minute feature completions for the mini presentation. This included log in form client side form validation + testing, as well as creating the sign up page with client side form validation + testing. I also used Depar's routing branch to set up routing between our pages for the presentation. For the presentation, I talked about our stack choices. 

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/cbdaf37f-7669-4707-8ac7-a4f40ebc4691)


# Week 8 (Oct 23 - Oct 29)
This week I completed my task of form validation and testing for our login page. I implemented the testing using Jest for our React front-end, and used useState to complete the form validation. I also helped my teammates with the CSS/styling of our Login page. 

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/469673bd-fbb3-4699-8028-c741575e3e5c)


# Weeks 6 & 7 (Oct 9 - Oct 15, Oct 16 - Oct 22)
We continued working on creating our webapp template on Canva this week, we ended up finishing our designs on Thursday. We then started to think about and distribute the tasks for this week, so for next week my goals are to set up the docker environment, and work on the log out page. 

This week I worked with Arya on setting up the docker environment for our frontend, and working on the log out page html. We are meeting once again on Monday to finish up these tasks. 

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/dc74192c-2336-4421-8679-8eeeaaa9f89f)


# Week 5 (Oct 2 - Oct 8)
Our main goal this week was to establish a more concrete idea of how our app will work and get some initial designs of our UI done based on that functionality. We met on Thursday and started making putting together some designs using Canva. The main issue we ran into when designing our UI was how we would lay out the AI generation page in a way that wasn't too overwhelming for the user, while also still giving them enough options to specify. 

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/3a568fd2-bc1e-49c1-b463-c0ebd9cab1ec)


# Week 4 (Sep 25 - Oct 1)
We spent this week writing our project plan, this involved a lot of discussion amongst the team about our vision for the final product. I was in charge of writing the section detailing the stack we are planning to use, and had to write our justifications behind choosing each technology. The last big thing that we had to do for the plan was to plan out the tasks for our major milestones. This required lots of thought on features that we wanted to implement down the line.  

![image](https://github.com/COSC-499-W2023/year-long-project-team-11/assets/41003728/e9b6d98b-35b4-4ab6-91e7-d72b8d9348c0)
